[SOAR-8061] Fix Search Action (#1205)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/google_search/help.md

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|lang|string|en|True|Language, default is en|None|en|

> |num|integer|10|True|Number of results per page, default is 10|None|10|

Reviewer: Doesnt the api support start anymore?

Author: Oddly start was previously listed in the help.md but the input did not exist and was not used in the plugin.

# Version History

> * 2.0.0 - Bug fix for Search action | Removal of retired Search action parameter | Update to Insight Connect SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.0.0 - Bug fix and removal of "start" input parameter in the Search action | Update t Insight Connect SDK to version 4
```

Author: Have updated this now with reference to the "only_standard" parameter instead.
